Add missing 'getVisitorKeys' method type definition for 'Printer' (#15125)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/api/15125.md

> #### Add missing 'getVisitorKeys' method type definition for 'Printer' (#15125 by @auvred)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Add missing `getVisitorKeys` method type definition for `Printer` (#15125 by @auvred)
```
